Update Gree documentation add support for light panel switch (#16018)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/gree.markdown

ha_domain: gree
---

The Gree integration allows you to control a [Gree Smart HVAC](http://global.gree.com/) in Home Assistant.

There is currently support for the following device types within Home Assistant:

- [Climate](#climate)
- [Switch](#switch)
 
## Configuration

Go to the integrations page in your configuration and click on **new integration** -> **Gree**.

Gree Smart compatible devices are detected and added automatically.

> <div class='note'>
> 
> Devices must first be bound to WiFi using the Gree+ app, or app provided by the device manufacturer. It is not possible to connect devices to WiFi using this integration at the current time.
> 
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class='note'>
Devices must first be bound to Wi-Fi using the Gree+ app, or app provided by the device manufacturer. It is not possible to connect devices to Wi-Fi using this integration at the current time.
</div>
```

## Supported models

Any Gree Smart device working with the Gree+ app should be supported, including non-Gree branded devices such some sold by:

- Trane
- Innova
- Cooper & Hunter
- Proklima

## Climate

The `gree` climate platform integrates Gree HVAC systems into Home Assistant, enabling control of setting the following parameters:

- [**set_hvac_mode**](/integrations/climate/#service-climateset_hvac_mode)
- [**target temperature**](/integrations/climate#service-climateset_temperature)
- [**turn on/off**](/integrations/climate#service-climateturn_on)
- [**fan mode**](/integrations/climate#service-climateset_fan_mode)
- [**swing mode**](/integrations/climate#service-climateset_swing_mode)

> - [**set_preset_mode**](/integrations/climate#service-climateset_preset_mode)

Reviewer: These are service names, referencing to code, and should be escaped using backticks, not emphasized as bold text.

ha_domain: gree
---

The Gree integration allows you to control a [Gree Smart HVAC](http://global.gree.com/) in Home Assistant.

There is currently support for the following device types within Home Assistant:

- [Configuration](#configuration)

> - [Supported models](#supported-models)

Reviewer 2: these are no platform types 😄

Author: VS Code markdown plugin is mangling this on save. Anyway, fixed now.
